Let's go to the notebook for the solution.
This is the last exercise for this lesson.
Nice job getting through this lesson.
This exercise is a little more practice with what we went over already.
You're again creating age bins,
but we want to add one more part to this by including the predictor label as well.
So first, here's the pre-processing code that is provided for you.
I did a little clean up of labels more for aesthetics,
so I wouldn't worry too much about each line here.
This is more for reference in case you're curious.
Now let's go to the actual solution.
So using a similar method to what we went over in the lesson,
I will create the age bins and then show you what the output looks like.
Then before I visualize all of the grouping,
I just provided a visual of just the histogram for the age bins.
Then let's add one more field to the grouping,
gender as well, see how this changes the visual.
This is consistent with what we saw earlier
with the male numbers being much larger than female.
Also, we can see that we are seeing similar shape
of the count plot across the groups for both genders,
albeit with lower numbers for females.
Finally, let's combine all three variables together in a visual,
age, gender, and the predictor field.
Ta-da, in this example,
you can see that females are not represented for the negative label.
You can see the negative label or the absence of
heart disease has a big issue when you have no female patients,
and then if you were to try to build a model and you would only have positive examples.
This could be an issue of the size of a data set,
but this is definitely something important to note.
Great job getting through this exercise.